README.md, before:

# SatNOGS Network

SatNOGS Network is a web application, implementing a global scheduling and monitoring network for ground station operations.

It features multiple observers to multiple intrumentation functionality and manages observation jobs and results.

## Install and Contribute

See the [documentation](http://docs.satnogs.org/en/stable/network/).

The main repository lives on [Gitlab](https://gitlab.com/librespacefoundation/satnogs/satnogs-network).

## Join

[![irc](https://img.shields.io/badge/IRC-%23satnogs%20on%20freenode-blue.svg)](https://webchat.freenode.net/?channels=satnogs)
[![irc](https://img.shields.io/badge/forum-discourse-blue.svg)](https://community.satnogs.org/)

## Current Development

[![kanban](https://img.shields.io/badge/kanban-board-lightgray.svg)](https://gitlab.com/librespacefoundation/satnogs/satnogs-network/boards/345495)
[![travis](https://img.shields.io/travis/satnogs/satnogs-network/dev.svg?label=tests)](http://travis-ci.org/satnogs/satnogs-network/)
[![coveralls](https://img.shields.io/coveralls/satnogs/satnogs-network/dev.svg)](https://coveralls.io/github/satnogs/satnogs-network)
[![updates](https://pyup.io/repos/github/satnogs/satnogs-network/shield.svg)](https://pyup.io/repos/github/satnogs/satnogs-network/)
[![Python 3](https://pyup.io/repos/github/satnogs/satnogs-network/python-3-shield.svg)](https://pyup.io/repos/github/satnogs/satnogs-network/)

## License

[![license](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-AGPL%203.0-6672D8.svg)](LICENSE)
[![Libre Space Foundation](https://img.shields.io/badge/%C2%A9%202014--2017-Libre%20Space%20Foundation-6672D8.svg)](https://librespacefoundation.org/)

Commit message:

Updates for Gitlab CI
* Change docker image
* Delete unused problems

README.md, after:

# SatNOGS Network

SatNOGS Network is a web application, implementing a global scheduling and monitoring network for ground station operations.

It features multiple observers to multiple intrumentation functionality and manages observation jobs and results.

## Contribute

Check out the [documentation](https://docs.satnogs.org/en/stable/satnogs-network/docs/) on how to setup a local development instance.

The main repository lives on [Gitlab](https://gitlab.com/librespacefoundation/satnogs/satnogs-network) and all Merge Request should happen there.

## Join

[![irc](https://img.shields.io/badge/Matrix-%23satnogs:matrix.org-blue.svg)](https://riot.im/app/#/room/#satnogs:matrix.org)
[![irc](https://img.shields.io/badge/IRC-%23satnogs%20on%20freenode-blue.svg)](https://webchat.freenode.net/?channels=satnogs)
[![irc](https://img.shields.io/badge/forum-discourse-blue.svg)](https://community.libre.space/c/satnogs)

## Current Development

[![kanban](https://img.shields.io/badge/kanban-board-lightgray.svg)](https://gitlab.com/librespacefoundation/satnogs/satnogs-network/boards/345495)
[![build](https://gitlab.com/librespacefoundation/satnogs/satnogs-network/badges/dev/build.svg)](https://gitlab.com/librespacefoundation/satnogs/satnogs-network/commits/dev)
[![coverage](https://gitlab.com/librespacefoundation/satnogs/satnogs-network/badges/cleanup/coverage.svg)](https://gitlab.com/librespacefoundation/satnogs/satnogs-network/commits/cleanup)

## License

[![license](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-AGPL%203.0-6672D8.svg)](LICENSE)
[![Libre Space Foundation](https://img.shields.io/badge/%C2%A9%202014--2017-Libre%20Space%20Foundation-6672D8.svg)](https://librespacefoundation.org/)
